fix(incsearch): support `c_CTRL-{G,T}` with an offset (#19998)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/cmdline.txt

	                                            *c_CTRL-G* */_CTRL-G*
CTRL-G		When 'incsearch' is set, entering a search pattern for "/" or
		"?" and the current match is displayed then CTRL-G will move

> 		to the next match.  The |search-offset| has no effect.

Reviewer: This sentence might be misleading, so how about something like this?

```suggestion
		to the next match.  The |search-offset| is applied when <CR>
		is pressed, but does not affect the preview highlighting.
```

		Use CTRL-T to move to the previous match.  Hint: on a regular
		keyboard G is below T.
	                                            *c_CTRL-T* */_CTRL-T*
CTRL-T		When 'incsearch' is set, entering a search pattern for "/" or
		"?" and the current match is displayed then CTRL-T will move

> 		to the previous match.  The |search-offset| has no effect.

Reviewer: This sentence might be misleading, so how about something like this?

```suggestion
		to the previous match.  The |search-offset| is applied when
		<CR> is pressed, but does not affect the preview highlighting.
```
